[Music]
ten simple ways to tell if someone is
lying to you do you know how much lies
go undetected it's 80% just think about
you don't notice 80% of all the lies
that you hear and anyone can be a liar
even your best friend don't get too
paranoid there are some ways you can
detect lies but questions should you ask
to reveal the truth what kinds of
behavior are suspicious we're going to
teach you 10 simple tricks that will
help you detect lies also we will tell
you about some facial expressions that
signal that the person is telling you
anything but the truth
ten vague answers
can you ask a person something pay
attention to how they respond a lot here
depends on the way you ask the question
the best option is to make it a
yes-or-no question the answer is clear
for example yes
Oren it means you are safe but if the
person says a lot of words that don't
really mean anything together may be a
sign of a lie
what you need to do is push harder to
get a direct answer
you see it's tough to tell a straight
line in a plausible way that's why Liars
start to talk a lot instead of answering
right away so ask the person to stick to
the point and watch how they react numb
or not laughing at all the person you
are talking to is trying to laugh their
way out of the conversation be alert
might be lying to you they try to disarm
you with their wonderful sense of humor
with them make them feel comfortable in
control after you stop laughing repeat
the question like yeah that's funny I
know about the situation anyways this
will probably be very unexpected for the
person and stress them out too and this
is what you need to learn the truth it
will be even funnier if you make your
question sound like a joke but let the
person know that you are serious
numbering exaggerated honesty one of the
signs of a lie is exaggeration of one's
honesty if someone is promising and
swearing to you that they are telling
the truth even though you didn't show
any doubt in their words be alert
ask them why they are trying to convince
you of something if you believe them
anyway this question might make them
feel uncomfortable which is great for
finding out the truth
just tell them why are you so worried I
believe in you and just ask you a simple
question number seven sympathy it is so
hard not to believe someone who seems to
be sympathetic to you have to be strong
don't fall for the simple this might be
a smart trick to deceive
if someone is telling you that they know
how you feel know what it's like all
this instead of answering your question
that is definitely alive don't believe
these cheap tricks
pay extra attention when you ask a
simple question and they start to talk
about you and your problems instead of
the subject number six answering
questions with questions everyone feels
vulnerable and uncomfortable when
telling lies everyone feels vulnerable
and uncomfortable when telling lies
telling a direct line is hard so people
often try to avoid answering the
question either by changing the subject
or answering you back the most important
thing you should remember is not to
start answering their questions if you
do they will be in control that's the
last thing you want to have as a last
resort you can tell the person directly
that you don't like the way the
conversation is going you can deal with
their question after
number five freezing freezing Buckman's
to answer a long pause these are clear
signs especially if the question you
asked was simple so if the person is
frozen for a few seconds repeat your
question as if you don't suspect
anything
look it's not rocket science did you eat
my cake or not if the pause continues a
person is most likely trying to make up
an answer on the fly or maybe as body
activity has slowed down because all the
body's energy is being used to digest
the cake also Liars are often very tense
so you can spot a liar by looking for
unnatural stiffness of the body drugged
shoulders crossed arms or ankles show
the suspects dishonesty and discomfort
for one man show if a person is clearly
overacting playing an innocent victim
it's too harsh on them at least they
tried the thing is people's emotions
change quite quickly with one emotion
usually lasting no more than 6 to 10
seconds however the person is insincere
with you or she might try to act
surprised for a longer time to convince
force you don't need to count second
you will see that acting is not good and
realize that the person is live three
hostility hostile tone or even insults
are also clear signs allies don't let
them make you angry and forget what you
asked about make the conversation calmer
and repeat your question if the person
knows that he or she is right and
innocent they won't go off the rails
there's just no need to if they know
that they are guilty they start to get
angry and lose their patience if the
suspect responds to your questions with
phrases like why do you want to know
that or that's not important now it's
surely reaching his limits using this
defense
number two repeating the question if a
person repeats your question multiple
times means that he or she is definitely
lying it sounds like this me why am I
supposed to know who ate your cake I
don't have the faintest idea who would
do that someone ate it
are you even sure enjoy it you know they
are lying and it looks quite funny too
they are trying to take their time to
make up an explanation of where the cake
is telling lies takes much more time
than telling the truth also when a
person tells a lie his or her voice may
become higher in pitch as multiple
courts tightly a liar may start speaking
faster than usual or in a monotonous
tone stutter or stammer and make speech
errors number one avoiding the answer if
a person is trying to avoid the answer
giving you a lot of irrelevant
information or even trying to change the
subject
he or she is most likely getting away
from the crime scene pay attention to
whether you are still talking about the
problem or something completely
different already
now let's talk about the facial
expressions that give away a lot
Constance
and a stiff facial expression all mean
that the person is worried
an asymmetrical face is a sign of lies
because when you are calm your emotions
are the same on both parts of your face
if the eyes are moving from side to side
and you know that this person is usually
not shy
they are probably lying to you eyes
looking to the top right corner mean
that the person is making something up
on the fly the person is covering his or
her face or head or neck with the palm
it means they are trying to hide their
real emotions from scratching the nose
the eyelid or the yearly looking down
and shaking
fingers in the mouth are not gross but
also a desperate gesture which means
that the person unconsciously wants the
truth
can be a good way to find out if the
person is lying to you porn the smile is
real the eyes should be smiling too in
this case you will notice small facial
wrinkles near the eyes however if the
eyes look exactly what they looked like
before the person smiled this is a
worrying sign don't judge by appearances
Liars can be very convincing and yes
even gorgeous girls can be liars and be
critical of yourself even if two or more
signs are visible it doesn't always mean
that the person intends to deceive you
you should always look and listen very
closely
only when you are sure that at least
five signs are present a person's
behavior you can suspect that they are
lying to you otherwise you will have a
very difficult life not believing anyone
at all how do you spot liars share your
experience in the comments section below
send this video to your friends but be
careful they can learn to notice that
you also lie to them sometimes like this
video and don't forget to click
subscribe to join us on the bright side